Update OneLogin app with new dashboard (#5749)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saml/onelogin.md

| first(state) as state, first(status) as status by id, user_name
| where state matches "{{state}}"
| where status matches "{{status}}"
| where user_name matches "{{user_name}}"

| count by state, id 
| count by state
| sort by _count, state
```

## Installing the OneLogin app

To install the app, do the following:
:::note
    Next-Gen App: To install or update the app, you must be an account administrator or a user with Manage Apps, Manage Monitors, Manage Fields, Manage Metric Rules, and Manage Collectors capabilities depending upon the different content types part of the app.
:::
1. Select **App Catalog**.
1. In the 🔎 **Search Apps** field, run a search for your desired app, then select it.
1. Click **Install App**.
    :::note
    Sometimes this button says **Add Integration**.
    :::
1. Click **Next** in the **Setup Data** section.
1. In the **Configure App** section of your respective app, complete the following field.
	1. Enter values for two data sources: 
		- **Event logs data source**
		- **User logs data source**

>     1. **Field Name**. If you already have collectors and sources set up, select the configured metadata field name (eg _sourcecategory) or specify other custom metadata (eg: _collector) along with its metadata **Field Value**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. **Field Name**. If you already have collectors and sources set up, select the configured metadata field name (for example, `_sourcecategory`) or specify other custom metadata (for example, `_collector`) along with its metadata **Field Value**.
```
